with two guys since a new video of
minecraft and good guys I bring you this
we have not called is line better or
stop it and how is it and well yes
guys you can already imagine that what
we add is more useful to the balls
of es night and first as you can see no
add the slide work good as
you know how to get a line out there
in the world it is quite difficult so
this is another way to get online
looking for this gold which I think should
be difficult to find I do not know in what
layer comes out or nothing because in the forum there
but hey that information came as
those of adjustments not and well we can
apply to mainly with peak
stone which is less easy is for
less any ball there is another way of
get it is burning good diamond
I already have a weird way to get
it's line but well I do not know why from
diamonds get line but good
something pretty clear so no longer for
check how good to see there
there is
so let's see what we do adds
good as you can see coming doing
what is here first what is not
that what could not be missing
tools
all the tools have 1601's
durability or uses as you want to say
so they serve me well or if it 's the same
now let's see the attack the sword
that comes to be 12 or double
that a diamond as you can see the
peak so good all the tools
they have more more damage and attack than one of
mega diamond the shovel even pec has
9 damage in attack more than a sword
of diamonds but connects very well the
Frettings are the typical ones typical of
we put sticks and shape
the tool that we want to create no longer
there are more mysteries
ok then I think that teaches us this
let's leave it here the tools
for the armor we're going to put on the and
As you can see, it will give us an effect
jump jump as you can see there
and the durability is also pretty
decent as you can see there in the part
lower left if you want to know which
is the way to see the durability is the
Video inside me it just in case I
you ask and for good the helmet 500 551
the chest 801 the trousers 751 and the
boots 651 which is good is
pretty decent the the durability of
the armor is decent enough besides
of the effect it gives us and also fills us
as you can see there the entire bar
protection which is pretty good
this armor that good we're going to the
here
now we will add a new food
also that comes doing this that
we came as a seed or something
similar but good we are not going to
find breaking the grass over there
It's pretty weird that it comes out but
good is another way to get food
to feed us would be good to
using our these seeds to
do sly crops with something like that but
Unfortunately not
so well we already passed the community
is now not going to add this new one is
line bridge that we are going to get
putting a ball on the table is fiddling
and he's going to give us 16 line brick something
quite illogical or with a wave in the
we got 16 in line bridge
it's good that with this line we can
make this new in the female that is in
outdoor block and that comes
doing this to decorate or to have
there it serves quite decoration
and good if you also do not add the line
blog although this is not going to be useful anymore
the 1.8 because it is added
already as everyone knows in the 1.8 have
he added today les line blog and it's a lot
better than this and blah blah blah but
Well the point that these are added by
mod and also not add this new thing
what he sells doing
the anti graph that good let's see
let's try what you suppose to see
already put a zombie fuck I came out
small is supposed to right click
I will send it to fly as you can see
there for and died to see we put another
they are from here because they come out small pussy
and there is the zombie died we click
right only that has no texture
we still do not know how to make the texture
or anything like the monkey mode is all
full vale says that they will add a
new lines biome and so on but it's worth it
good that will be like in the future and
well the punishment of this is with
iron and a ball of es line do not teach
the sides of the armor because they are
the typical ones I do not know why they were taught
if they are typical and others but good if
boy this all the mold pretty
simple
and this the only thing that adds more
utility is lines and good boy but
that you liked, leave me your like and
until next time